Grandma, Cheng Xuan went too far, we can't just let it go.
Yes, a ten billion contract,
I said I would go a little bit, so I went a little bit,
I don’t even take it seriously that grandma didn’t help us and our family.
And me button
I also spent time with him
I still want grandma to give it a try
why don't i
Are you willing to give it a try?
Lose this 10 billion contract
It's annoying to be considerate
But can the Lu family
Not without
Jingsheng Yi Ling's opportunity to sleep at home
The company has developed quite well in recent years.
As soon as threats to current developments begin
I will stay with my Lu family for the rest of the year
same year
Jing Sheng Yi Zero World
Don't worry, throw it away
I must be worried about the development of the company
Although the company's cooperation in the past few years has been good,
It's never too late to talk
But these partners
Have cooperated with our tomb maker for several years
Interested
Now there is no more Tomb Ning
It will definitely be affected
you practical you
What did you say grandma?
Our partners
All the circles are broken
Come and cooperate with us
What did you say
In this case
It won't take a few days
It can also handle various discussions with the tomb family.
It will change the situation.
At that time, we will have to stay the same.
Contact us quickly
Hurry up and contact these partners.
who is
The cooperation between Xiaoxiao and our mischievous family
Therefore, it is jointly organized
They are not willing to cooperate with us anymore
We can't even give in to our doctors.
Misunderstanding is very old
It must be us